hi welcome back to paint this with Jerry
are now I'm glad you could join me here
at the Yarnell School of Fine Art today
as usual we're going to have a great
time we're continuing on with this
beautiful painting we started last time
called turquoise River actually it's a
place I've been and and up in Colorado
and I don't know if that's the name of
the river that's home call in the
painting but it's a beautiful spot and I
hope you enjoyed last week getting this
thing under painted now we've got two or
three more sessions to go and this this
day is going to really tell a lot about
how the painting is going to develop
last week we just kind of got it started
it is an acrylic painting we're working
on an 18 by 24 stretch cotton duck
canvas the reason I'm being specific
about that I've recently noticed a lot
of your struggling what type of surfaces
to use normally folks when you're doing
a painting like this it's sort of semi
room pressure misty a good medium duck
cotton canvas is the best of work on you
can use portraits smooth canvases if you
like a lot more blending I do that
sometimes we'll talk about that you can
use masonite you can use canvas board
you can use all kinds of things but it
just seems to work better because their
cabin has a little give to it and when
they give you can blend a little bit
better especially on this kind of
surface or this kind of subject now we
left off last week if you remember
putting in these distant rocks now let's
go over here to our reference material
I'm going to point some things out to
you if you'll notice here these rocks
now they will intensify as time passes
right now they're not too bright we're
just through a locating that's just kind
of like finding a roadmap well we don't
suggest we suggest them we're gonna do a
little more of that here for a few
minutes at the beginning of the program
then after we're done with that we're
going to move down here and work a
little on the shoreline then we're going
to start highlighting some of our trees
folks this will be done as a gradual
process of creating form with light okay
so what we're going to start off with is
back to where we were last week with our
number four bristle brush we have a
color here that was pre-made here